>[!abstract] My Journey in Learning English
>As I prepare to move to New Zealand for my master's in Computer Science, I've been working hard to improve my English skills. I want to share both my original blog post and an improved version to show my progress. Your feedback is welcome as I continue to learn and grow!

### Original Post with My Bare English Skills
I had a look for a Developer job in New Zealand.
I search jobs on Seek.co.nz. I read about 20 posts from IT company's with a searching word "Developer" in Auckland. Because i am going to start the master for computer science in Auckland. I have believe the most number of jobs in Auckland because of population.

I noticed the common computer languages enquiry in Auckland. Java and React are most popular skill stack in Korea but C# and Vue in NZ. And I've never worked with those skill set. 

There are more keywords that i must know. But i need to learn C# definately. Luckily I still have time to study until i graduate the school. And I should learn C#, .Net and Azure before i do. And It's going to be the start of 2026. 

I know what i don't have, what i need to have and time. It is easy to learn in short period but 1 year and half is not short.

### Improved Post: Enhancing My English Skills
As I prepare to start my master's in Computer Science in Auckland, New Zealand, I've been researching developer job opportunities on Seek.co.nz. I read about 20 job postings from various IT companies in Auckland using the keyword "Developer". Auckalnd seems to have the highest number of job lisiting, likely due to its large population.

During my research, I noticed a difference in the popular programming languages between Korea and New Zealand. While Java and React dominate the skill sets in Korea, C# and Vue.js are more prevalent in New Zealand. Unfortunately, I haven't worked with these technologies during my approximately 3 years experience as developer in Korea.

To improve my job prospects, I need to familiarize myself with several key skills, especially C#. Fortunately, I have time to learn these before graduating. My plan is to study C#, .NET and Azure, aiming to be proficient by the start of 2026.

I understand what i lack, what I need to acquire, and the time I have to achieve this. While a year and a half may seem short, it's sufficient to learn these new skills if i stay dedicated.



Thank you for reading both versions of my blog post. I'm committed to improving my English and appreciate any feedback you can provide. Have you ever learned a new language? Share your experiences and tips in the comments below!

